chore: add sample iOS-Objective C app (#43)
rudderlabs/rudder-typer: examples/ios-objc/README.md

# RudderTyper - iOS (Objective C)

This is a sample iOS (Objective C) app designed to demonstrate how to use the RudderStack iOS SDK to track the RudderTyper generated events.

## Prerequisites

- Download, install and setup [Xcode](https://apps.apple.com/us/app/xcode/id497799835?mt=12).

## Getting Started

### Step 1: Open project in Xcode

- Open project path in Terminal & run `pod update`. Next open the `RudderTyperExample.xcworkspace`, located under `examples/ios-objc`, in Xcode.

### Step 2: Configure RudderStack Properties

- Update the `writeKey`, `dataPlaneUrl`, and `controlPlaneUrl` with your specific values in the `RudderConfig.plist`.

  ![RudderConfig](screenshots/rudderConfig_path.png)

### Step 3: Add/Regenerate Analytics Files

> - Run the following command to regenerate the client library based on your tracking plan using the production version of analytics files.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Run the following command to regenerate the client library based on your tracking plan using the production version of RudderTyper.
```

```
npx rudder-typer@latest init
```

- To regenerate the client library based on your tracking plan using the analytics files from the local repository, use the predefined shellscript file.

```

> ./rt_local_script.sh

Reviewer: This shell script takes an argument as well, indicates the command to run.

Author: What will be the possible argument?

Reviewer: All the supported commands of rudder-typer.

### Step 1: Open project in Xcode

- Open project path in Terminal & run `pod update`. Next open the `RudderTyperExample.xcworkspace`, located under `examples/ios-objc`, in Xcode.

### Step 2: Configure RudderStack Properties

- Update the `writeKey`, `dataPlaneUrl`, and `controlPlaneUrl` with your specific values in the `RudderConfig.plist`.

  ![RudderConfig](screenshots/rudderConfig_path.png)

### Step 3: Add/Regenerate Analytics Files

- Navigate to the `examples/ios-objc` folder in the terminal.
- Check the node version of the project & install the same by using following commands.

```
$ node --version

$ node i

$ node use

> ```

Reviewer: This has to be replaced with `nvm` (Node Version Manager). 
Moreover, this should not be part of the example app's instructions but rather the repo setup. It should be covered there.

> - Run `npm run init` and follow the prompted instructions to generate the analytics files.

Reviewer: This should be run in the root directory and not in `examples/ios-objc`, right?
